##Project

This code was used for the publication _Sediva, E. et al. Journal of Power Sources 2023, 558, 232608._ to compute the Distribution of Relaxation Times (DRT) from Electrochemical Impedance Spectroscopy (EIS) data.

The method of calculating the DRT are heavily inspired and based on the publications:  
	* Wan et al. Electrochemica Acta 2015, 184, 483-499,
     * Saccoccio et al. Electrochimica Acta 2014, 147, 470-482,
and the accompanying software:  
	https://github.com/ciuccislab/pyDRTtools
The program structure is simplified and modified in order to fit the specific needs for this project.

The program deals with data files from the Scribner fuel cell test equipment.

##Structure

###DataFile.py

This class imports and parses data files that are the output of the Scribner fuel cell test rig.  
One can import single experiments or also "arbitrary" experimental outputs, generated by the Scribner arbitrary function.  
In this case the methods _parse_FromARBfile(ArbFile)_ is used, while the ArbFile is the Scribner specific file, that can be generated with the help of the ArbitraryControl850e class.


##ArbitraryControl850e

This class helps to generate Scribner specific files to run a measurement. The generated file is used to parse the measured data after the experiment in the DataFile class.

##DRT_Class

Here the DRT is calculated from the input of the experimentally measured impedance spectrum.  
Input: Zreal, Zimaginary, frequency

##DRT_sript

Example on the various outputs of the program.  
Will generate plots from the arbitrary example file provided and will calculate and plot an example DRT.